readme.md, before:

# UFO Simon by mgettytehan

## Important Links

Find live project at [mgettytehan.github.io/ga-project-simon](https://mgettytehan.github.io/ga-project-simon/)

[Project boards on Github](https://github.com/mgettytehan/ga-project-simon/projects/1)

## Images

All image assets by me. Please do not use elsewhere.

## Fonts

[Inside Outside by Chrispy](https://www.dafont.com/insideoutside.font)

[Open Sans by Steve Matteson on Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Open+Sans)

## Sound effects

All sound effects have been volume-adjusted.

[Sound effects obtained from zapsplat.com](https://www.zapsplat.com)
+ Science fiction beam up, teleportation, almost cartoon-like (modified)
+ App, game or system interface alert tone 22
+ Spaceship, UFO, (cartoon like) pass fast 1

[3bagbrew, moog_mod_filter12.mp3](https://freesound.org/people/3bagbrew/sounds/95574/)
Modifications: Silence trimmed.

[Taira Komori, Strange_wave.mp3](https://freesound.org/people/Taira%20Komori/sounds/214040/)
Modifications: Sped up and tempo changed, trimmed.

[Kastenfrosch, Spacey.mp3](https://freesound.org/people/Kastenfrosch/sounds/162469/)
Modifications: Send up and tempo changed, trimmed.

## Wireframes and Diagrams

### Diagram of game flow
![diagram of game flow](https://github.com/mgettytehan/ga-project-simon/blob/master/wireframes/game_flow.JPG)

### Main Page Wireframe
![wireframe of main page](https://github.com/mgettytehan/ga-project-simon/blob/master/wireframes/wireframe_main.JPG)

### Modal Wireframe

![wireframe of modal](https://github.com/mgettytehan/ga-project-simon/blob/master/wireframes/wireframe_modal.JPG)

Commit message:

Added project description to readme

readme.md, after:

# UFO Simon by mgettytehan

This game was created for Project 1 in General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive course. The aim was to create a game of Simon using HTML, CSS and JavaScript (including jQuery, which this project utilizes). It is a single page game application.

## Important Links

Find live project at [mgettytehan.github.io/ga-project-simon](https://mgettytehan.github.io/ga-project-simon/)

[Project boards on Github](https://github.com/mgettytehan/ga-project-simon/projects/1)

## Images

All image assets by me. Please do not use elsewhere.

## Fonts

[Inside Outside by Chrispy](https://www.dafont.com/insideoutside.font)

[Open Sans by Steve Matteson on Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Open+Sans)

## Sound effects

All sound effects have been volume-adjusted.

[Sound effects obtained from zapsplat.com](https://www.zapsplat.com)
+ Science fiction beam up, teleportation, almost cartoon-like (modified)
+ App, game or system interface alert tone 22
+ Spaceship, UFO, (cartoon like) pass fast 1

[3bagbrew, moog_mod_filter12.mp3](https://freesound.org/people/3bagbrew/sounds/95574/)
Modifications: Silence trimmed.

[Taira Komori, Strange_wave.mp3](https://freesound.org/people/Taira%20Komori/sounds/214040/)
Modifications: Sped up and tempo changed, trimmed.

[Kastenfrosch, Spacey.mp3](https://freesound.org/people/Kastenfrosch/sounds/162469/)
Modifications: Send up and tempo changed, trimmed.

## Wireframes and Diagrams

### Diagram of game flow
![diagram of game flow](https://github.com/mgettytehan/ga-project-simon/blob/master/wireframes/game_flow.JPG)

### Main Page Wireframe
![wireframe of main page](https://github.com/mgettytehan/ga-project-simon/blob/master/wireframes/wireframe_main.JPG)

### Modal Wireframe

![wireframe of modal](https://github.com/mgettytehan/ga-project-simon/blob/master/wireframes/wireframe_modal.JPG)
